---
layout: post
title:  "Release 0.9.15"
date:   2025-10-22 00:00:00 +0000
categories: Changelog
---

# Whats New

- Introduced new endpoints for retrieving system logs and streaming logs via WebSocket.
- Added endpoint to fetch orchestrator host system logs.
- Implemented endpoint for retrieving orchestrator host reverse proxy configuration.
- Updated error response structure across various endpoints to use "error" instead of "message".
- Enhanced API documentation to reflect the new endpoints and changes in response formats.
- Added support for compressing manifest files during the generation process.
- Introduced new fields in the PushCatalogManifestRequest model to handle compression options.
- Updated the manifest generation logic to calculate original and packed sizes, and log compression details.
- Added command processors for handling new PDFile commands: COMPRESS_PACK, FORCE, IS_COMPRESSED, VM_REMOTE_PATH, VM_SIZE, and VM_TYPE.
- Implemented the runImportVM function to handle the import of VMs with the new parameters.
- Enhanced validation logic to ensure proper handling of new command arguments.
- Refactored the logic for extracting API documentation from Go files to improve clarity and maintainability.
- Added module information retrieval to enhance the handling of import paths in the documentation process.
- Update documentation links to reflect new directory structure for security and catalog sections
- the /v1/auth/users API response will include a detailed ApiErrorDiagnosticsResponse object. This diagnostics object provides a full call stack plus categorized errors and warnings to help developers identify the cause and the failing component for any request failures.
- Fixes # (issue)
- #245 


